


fread(file,length) reads from an open file.
The function will stop at the end of the file or when it reaches the specified length, whichever comes first.
This function returns the read string, or FALSE on failure. 

Parameter 	Description
file 	Required. Specifies the open file to read from
length 	Required. Specifies the maximum number of bytes to read

Read entire file:
<?php
$file = fopen("test.txt","r");
fread($file,filesize("test.txt"));
fclose($file);
?> 

filesize(filename) function returns the size of the specified file.
This function returns the file size in bytes on success or FALSE on failure. 

Parameter 	Description
filename 	Required. Specifies the file to check

fwrite(file,string,length) writes to an open file.
The function will stop at the end of the file or when it reaches the specified length, whichever comes first.
This function returns the number of bytes written, or FALSE on failure. 

Parameter 	Description
file 	Required. Specifies the open file to write to
string 	Required. Specifies the string to write to the open file
length 	Optional. Specifies the maximum number of bytes to write

fputcsv(file,fields,seperator,enclosure) function formats a line as CSV and writes it to an open file.
This function returns the length of the written string, or FALSE on failure. 

Parameter 	Description
file 	Required. Specifies the open file to write to
fields 	Required. Specifies which array to get the data from
separator 	Optional. A character that specifies the field separator. Default is comma ( , )
enclosure 	Optional. A character that specifies the field enclosure character. Default is "

fgetcsv(file,length,separator,enclosure) function parses a line from an open file, checking for CSV fields. 
The function stops returning on a new line, at the specified length, or at EOF, whichever comes first.
This function returns the CSV fields in an array on success, or FALSE on failure and EOF.

Parameter 	Description
file 	Required. Specifies the file to check
length 	Optional. Specifies the maximum length of a line. Must be greater than the longest line (in characters) in the CSV file. Omitting this parameter (or setting it to 0) the line length is not limited, which is slightly slower.  Note: This parameter is required in versions prior to PHP 5
separator 	Optional. A character that specifies the field separator. Default is comma ( , )
enclosure 	Optional. A character that specifies the field enclosure character. Default is "

explode(separator,string,limit) function breaks a string into an array.
Note: The "separator" parameter cannot be an empty string. 

Parameter 	Description
separator 	Required. Specifies where to break the string
string 	Required. The string to split
limit 	Optional. Specifies the number of array elements to return.

Possible values:

    Greater than 0 - Returns an array with a maximum of limit element(s)
    Less than 0 - Returns an array except for the last -limit elements()
    0 - Returns an array with one element

implode(separator,array) function returns a string from the elements of an array.
Note: The implode() function accept its parameters in either order. However, for consistency with explode(), you should use the documented order of arguments.
Note: The separator parameter of implode() is optional. However, it is recommended to always use two parameters for backwards compatibility. 

Parameter 	Description
separator 	Optional. Specifies what to put between the array elements. Default is "" (an empty string)
array 	Required. The array to join to a string






